this is my mom's recipe for steamed
Chinese potstickers
this is the quick steam method so first
of all you chop up one cup of Chinese
times and then you chop up ten to twelve
prawns into bite-size pieces and then
you have 1 pound of ground pork then you
add 1 egg into the Nam pork and then you
use the chopsticks or a fork mix the
ingredients well you have one bag of
Shanghai dumpling wrapper these are the
wrappers that are already made into a
circle here's you but the edges of the
wrapper you can fold the edge with a
crimp or fold artisti the plane
then when you put 1 tablespoon of
ingredient into the wrapper and then mix
here you seal the edges so the
ingredients
don't be count first you I'll preheat
the pan and then you add 3 to 5
tablespoon of cooking oil then you add
the dumplings onto the pan top the
grilling for a few minutes on one side
just turn the dumplings on the other
side okay you put 3/4 - 1 cup of water
and let it steam covered for a few more
minutes
so steam the dumplings for 5 to 7
minutes just check to make sure they all
cook all the way through they do have it
Chinese potsticker dumplings click steam
method enjoy